[AIRFLOW-XXXX] Add cross-reference between connection and fernet (#7190)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/howto/connection/index.rst

    >>> print(c.password)
    my-pa/ssword

Securing Connections
--------------------

Airflow uses `Fernet <https://github.com/fernet/spec/>`__ to encrypt passwords in the connection

> configuration. It guarantees that a password encrypted using it cannot be manipulated or read without the key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration. It guarantees that without the encryption password, Connection Passwords cannot be manipulated or read without the key.
```

Author: Done.

> For information on configuring Fernet, look at :ref:`Generating a Connection URI <security/fernet>`.

Reviewer: We had https://airflow.apache.org/docs/stable/howto/secure-connections.html#securing-connections . Did these get lost in the refactor?

Author: It has been moved to security page: 
https://airflow.readthedocs.io/en/latest/security.html#securing-connections
Now I want to add a link that points to the ["Security" page](https://airflow.readthedocs.io/en/latest/security.html#securing-connections)  to the ["Managing Connections" page](https://airflow.readthedocs.io/en/latest/howto/connection/index.html).  Many people may not notice the Fernet configuration if it is on the Security page only.

Author: I would like to divide the security page into several smaller subpages, but this is a different task.

Author: The similar reference we have on "[Using the CLI](https://airflow.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage-cli.html#creating-a-connection)" page. We have many guides on this page, but guide about connections on "[Managing Connections](https://airflow.readthedocs.io/en/latest/howto/connection/index.html#connection-cli)" page.
